Add docs for Hugging Face Auth provider (#1492)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/huggingface.mdx

---
title: Hugging Face
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Hugging Face.
---

> # Hugging Face

Reviewer: ✂️

![Screenshot 2024-08-27 at 12 37 28 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4db3571-3a18-4d6f-bc37-a9f92fe0224e)

> The purpose of this guide is to help you create a Hugging Face Connected App - if you're looking for step-by-step instructions using Clerk to add social connection (OAuth) to your application, follow the [Social connection (OAuth) guide](/docs/authentication/social-connections/oauth).

## Before you start

- You need to create a Clerk Application in your [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/). For more information, check out our [Set up your application guide](/docs/quickstarts/setup-clerk).
- You need to have a Hugging Face account. To create one, [click here](https://huggingface.co/login).

## Configuring Hugging Face social connection

First, you need to create a new Connected App. Navigate to **Settings > Connected Apps** and click on **Create application button**. On the following screen fill all the required information, such as the name, the logo etc.

In the **Scopes** field its important to select at least _openid_, _profile_ and _email_.

<Images
  width={1904}
  height={981}
  src="/docs/images/authentication-providers/huggingface/create-application.png"
  alt="Creating a new application"

> />

Reviewer: I think you should replace `Images` component with 
```
![Creating a new application](/docs/images/authentication-providers/huggingface/create-application.png)
```

Author: Yep updated thanks!

To fill the Redirect URLs field, you need the **Authorized redirect URI** from Clerk. In the Clerk Dashboard, go to **User & Authentication > [Social Connections](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/social-connections)** and enable Hugging Face. In the modal that opens, ensure **Use custom credentials** is enabled and copy **Authorized redirect URI**. Paste this value in the Redirect URLs field of your Hugging Face Connected App. Then click the _Create application_ button.

<Images
  width={1904}
  height={981}
  src="/docs/images/authentication-providers/huggingface/scopes-and-redirect-url.png"
  alt="Creating a new application"
/>

Finally copy the **Client ID** and **App secret** as shown in the image bellow. Go back to the Clerk Dashboard and paste them into the respective fields.

<Images
  width={1904}
  height={981}
  src="/docs/images/authentication-providers/huggingface/scopes-and-redirect-url.png"
  alt="Creating a new application"
/>

> Don't forget to click **Apply** in the Clerk dashboard. Congratulations! Social connection with Xero is now configured for your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to click **Apply** in the Clerk dashboard. Congratulations! Social connection with Hugging Face is now configured for your instance.
```

Author: Haha thank you for catching this!
